Editorial edits for chapter 8, and focus cleanup (#988)
browserengineering/book: book/forms.md

In other words, when you click on the web page, the `Browser` updates
its `focus` field to remember that the user is interacting with the
page, not the browser chrome:

``` {.python}
class Browser:
    def handle_click(self, e):
        if e.y < self.chrome.bottom:
            self.focus = None
            # ...
        else:
            self.focus = "content"
            self.chrome.focus = None
            # ...
        self.draw()
```

> The `if` branch that corresponds to clicks in the browser chrome
> unsets `focus`, but some existing code in that branch will
> set the `Chrome` `focus` to `"address bar"` if the user actually clicked
> in the address bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `if` branch that corresponds to clicks in the browser chrome
unsets `focus`, meaning focus is no longer on the page contents,
and key presses will thus be sent to the `Chrome`.
```

When a key press happens, the `Browser` sends it either to the address
bar or calls the active tab's `keypress` method (or neither, if nothing is
focused):

``` {.python}
class Browser:
    def handle_key(self, e):
        # ...

>         if self.chrome.focus:

Reviewer: I say this should instead be `if self.focus == None`, and then let the `Chrome` sort out whether anything inside the chrome is focused. I'm trying to preserve some notion of hierarchy here.

Author: I'll fix this in a followup.
